Re-render (parsnip) 2026-05-15 (#246)
tidymodels/tidymodels.org: content/packages/index.md

### [Tune, compare, and work with your models](/learn/work/)

> * To try out different workflows (i.e. bundles of pre-processor and model), [workflowsets](https://workflowsets.tidymodels.org/) lets you create sets of workflow objects for tuning and resampling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To try out multiple different workflows (i.e. bundles of pre-processor and model) at once, [workflowsets](https://workflowsets.tidymodels.org/) lets you create sets of workflow objects for tuning and resampling.
```

* To integrate predictions from many models, the [stacks](https://stacks.tidymodels.org/) package provides tools for stacked ensemble modeling.

> * The [finetune](https://finetune.tidymodels.org/) package contains some extra functions for model tuning that extend what is currently in the tune package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [finetune](https://finetune.tidymodels.org/) package extends the tune package with more approaches such as racing and simulated annealing.
```
